Docs: Adding additional support info (#9220)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/support/support-info.md

---
title: Add support information
description: Review the details to include in your support. 
weight: 930
---

> Walk through the steps on this page to collect valuable information for Solo to review and troubleshoot your support request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collect valuable information for Solo to review and troubleshoot your support request. 
```

Reviewer: Should they put this info into any file type, or does it not matter?

## Environment

1. Get your Gloo Edge version. 
    ```shell
    glooctl version -o yaml
    ```
2. Get the version of Kubernetes that you run in your cluster. 
    ```shell
    kubectl version -o yaml
    ```
3. List the infrastructure provider that hosts your environment, such as AWS or an on-premise virtual machine (VM). 

## Setup

Share the installation method that you used to install Gloo Edge, such as Helm, `glooctl`, or Argo CD, and the configuration that you used during the installation. 

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Helm" %}}
Use the following command to extract the Helm manifests that were used for the Gloo Edge installation and the state of each manifest. Replace `releaseName` and `namespaceName` with the values that you used for your installation.
```shell
helm get all <releaseName> --namespace <namespaceName> > gloo_edge_helm.yaml
```
  
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="glooctl"%}}

> Share the complete command that you used to install Gloo Edge. The following command shows an example command that you might used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Share the complete command that you used to install Gloo Edge. The following command shows an example command that you might have used. 
```

```shell
glooctl install gateway enterprise --license-key <license> --values foo,bar
```
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="Argo CD"%}}
Get the Argo CD applications that define the installation of Gloo Edge by using one of the following methods. 
* `kubectl`: 
  ```shell
  kubectl get applications.argoproj.io/<applicationName> -n <namespaceName> -o yaml
  ```
* Argo CD CLI: 
  ```shell
  argocd app get <applicationName> -o yaml
  ```
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Issue

1. Provide a detailed description of the issue. Make sure to include the following information: 
   - If reproducable, steps to reproduce the issue 
   - If applicable, sample of a client request including the payload 
   - High-level diagram of the interactions from the perspective of the client request
   - The request protocol that is handled by the application(s) in question, such as HTTP / TCP / gRPC 
   - If the issue is related to authentication or authorization, details of the auth configuration

> 2. Describe the impact of the issue. For example, the issue might be blocking an update or a demo, or causing the loss of data or an entire system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Describe the impact of the issue. For example, the issue might block an update or a demo, or cause the loss of data or an entire system.
```

3. Export the relevant configuration files that are related to the issue.
  {{< tabs >}}

>   {{% tab name="Gloo Edge Resources"%}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  {{% tab name="Gloo Edge resources"%}}
```

  - Typically, the Gloo Edge `Settings` object is useful to understand the configuration of Gloo Edge.
  - For traffic management issues, include the following list of Gloo Edge resources:
      - `Gateway`
      - `VirtualService`
      - `RouteTable`
      - `Upstream`

>   - Use the following script to dump all the Gloo Edge related resources into a file. Attach the `gloo-edge-configuration.yaml` file to your support request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Use the following script to dump all Gloo Edge custom resources into a file. Attach the `gloo-edge-configuration.yaml` file to your support request. 
```

    ```shell
    for n in $(kubectl get crds | grep solo.io | awk '{print $1}'); do kubectl get $n --all-namespaces -o yaml >> gloo-edge-configuration.yaml; echo "---" >> gloo-edge-configuration.yaml; done
    ```
  {{% /tab %}}

>   {{% tab name="Istio Resources"%}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  {{% tab name="Istio resources"%}}
```

  If you use Gloo Edge as a gateway to an Istio service mesh, provide details about how Istio is configured. You can use the following command to create an Istio bug report that you can attach to your support request. 

  ```shell
  istioctl bug-report --istio-namespace <istioControlPlaneNamespace>
  ```
  {{% /tab %}}
  {{< /tabs >}}

## Product-specific details

### Control plane

1. Capture the output of the `glooctl check` command.

>     <br>Typically, the command output indicates any errors in the control plane components or associated resources.
>     <br>An example output is shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <br>Typically, the command output indicates any errors in the control plane components or associated resources, such as in the following example.

```

    * Pod gloo-8ddc4ff4c-g4mnf in namespace gloo-system is not ready! Message: containers with unready status: [gloo]
    * Not all containers in pod gloo-8ddc4ff4c-g4mnf in namespace gloo-system are ready! Message: containers with unready status: [gloo]
    * proxy check was skipped due to an error in checking deployments
    * xds metrics check was skipped due to an error in checking deployment
    ```
2. Collect the logs from various control plane components, such as `gloo` by using the `debug` log level (if possible). 
    <br>To enable the `debug` log level, see [Debugging control plane]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/operations/debugging_gloo#debug-control-plane" >}}).
    <br><br>Follow the steps below for `gloo` controller pod.
    1. Set the log level to `debug`.
        ```shell
        kubectl port-forward deploy/gloo -n <controlplaneNamespace> 9091:9091 > /dev/null 2>&1 &
        PID=$!
        curl -X PUT -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"level": "debug"}' http://localhost:9091/logging
        ```
    2. Capture the logs when reproducing the issue.
        ```shell
        kubectl logs -f deploy/gloo -n <controlplaneNamespace> > gloo.log
        ```

>     3. After you captured the logs, reset the log level to `info`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. After you capture the logs, reset the log level to `info`.
```

        ```shell
        curl -X PUT -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"level": "info"}' http://localhost:9091/logging
        kill -9 $PID
        ```

>     Repeat these steps for all the control plane components.

Reviewer: I think we need to list out which component pods they need to do this for

### Data plane

> 1. Capture the currently served xDS configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Capture the xDS configuration that is currently served.
```

   ```shell
   glooctl proxy served-config -n <controlplaneNamespace> > served-config.yaml
   ```
2. Get the configuration that is served in the `gateway-proxy` Envoy pod(s). 

>    <br>For more information, see [Dumping Envoy configuration]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/operations/debugging_gloo/#dumping-envoy-configuration" >}}) section for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <br>For more information, see [Dumping Envoy configuration]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/operations/debugging_gloo/#dumping-envoy-configuration" >}}).
```

   ```shell
   kubectl port-forward deploy/gateway-proxy -n <proxyNamespace> 19000:19000 > /dev/null 2>&1 &
   PID=$!
   curl -s localhost:19000/config_dump\?include_eds > gateway-config.json
   kill -9 $PID
   ```

> 3. Get the access log(s) for failed request from the `gateway-proxy` pod(s). If Access logging is not enabled, refer to [this guide]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/guides/security/access_logging" >}}) to enable it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Get the access log(s) for failed request from the `gateway-proxy` pod(s). If access logging is not enabled, refer to [this guide]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/guides/security/access_logging" >}}) to enable it.
```

4. If possible, collect the logs from the `gateway-proxy` Envoy pod(s) in `debug` log level for the failed request.
   {{% notice tip %}}
   Setting the log level to `debug` for all components can get very noisy. Instead, you can change the log level for specific components only. For more information, see [Changing logging levels and more]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/operations/debugging_gloo/#changing-logging-levels-and-more" >}}).
   {{% /notice %}}

>    For more information, see [Viewing Envoy logs]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/operations/debugging_gloo/#viewing-envoy-logs" >}}).

Reviewer: instead of this note, can you reuse the steps on 116 for how to change the level to debug for 1 component, get the logs, then change back?
